Module edown_doclet
===================


#Module edown_doclet#
* [Description](#description)
* [Data Types](#types)
* [Function Index](#index)
* [Function Details](#functions)
EDoc Doclet module for producing Github-flavored Markdown.
Copyright © 2010 Erlang Solutions Ltd
__Authors:__ Ulf Wiger ([`ulf.wiger@erlang-solutions.com`](mailto:ulf.wiger@erlang-solutions.com)).

##<a name="description">Description</a>##
EDoc Doclet module for producing Github-flavored Markdown.

##<a name="types">Data Types</a>##

<a name="type-doclet_gen"></a>


###doclet_gen()##

`doclet_gen() = #doclet_gen{sources = [string()], app = [no_app()](#type-no_app) | atom(), packages = [atom()], modules = [atom()], modules = [atom()], filemap = function()}`
<a name="type-doclet_toc"></a>


###doclet_toc()##

`doclet_toc() = #doclet_gen{paths = [string()], indir = string()}`
<a name="type-edoc_context"></a>


###edoc_context()##

`edoc_context() = #context{dir = string(), env = [edoc_lib:edoc_env()](edoc_lib.html#type-edoc_env), opts = [term()]}`
<a name="type-no_app"></a>


###no_app()##

__abstract datatype__: `no_app()`
A value used to mark absence of an Erlang application
     context. Use the macro `NO_APP` defined in
     [`edoc_doclet.hrl`](../include/edoc_doclet.hrl)
     to produce this value.

##<a name="index">Function Index</a>##

<table width="100%" border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="2" summary="function index"><tr><td valign="top"><a href="#run-2">run/2</a></td><td>Main doclet entry point.</td></tr></table>

<a name="functions"></a>


##Function Details##

<a name="run-2"></a>


###run/2##


`run(Command::[doclet_gen()](#type-doclet_gen) | [doclet_toc()](#type-doclet_toc), Ctxt::[edoc_context()](#type-edoc_context)) -> ok`


Main doclet entry point.
 
  
Also see [`edoc:layout/2`](edoc.html#layout-2) for layout-related options, and
  [`edoc:get_doc/2`](edoc.html#get_doc-2) for options related to reading source  
files.
 
  Options:
  
   

###`{file_suffix, string()}`##

   
Specifies the suffix used for output files. The default value is
       `".md"`.
   
   

###`{hidden, bool()}`##

   
If the value is `true`, documentation of hidden modules and
       functions will also be included. The default value is `false`.
   
   

###`{overview, [edoc:filename()](edoc.html#type-filename)}`##

   
Specifies the name of the overview-file. By default, this doclet
       looks for a file `"overview.edoc"` in the target directory.
   
   

###`{private, bool()}`##

   
If the value is `true`, documentation of private modules and
       functions will also be included. The default value is `false`.
   
   

###`{stylesheet, string()}`##

   
Specifies the URI used for referencing the stylesheet. The
       default value is `"stylesheet.css"`. If an empty string is
       specified, no stylesheet reference will be generated.
   
   

###`{stylesheet_file, [edoc:filename()](edoc.html#type-filename)}`##

   
Specifies the name of the stylesheet file. By default, this
       doclet uses the file `"stylesheet.css"` in the `priv`
       subdirectory of the EDoc installation directory. The named file
       will be copied to the target directory.
   
   

###`{title, string()}`##

   
Specifies the title of the overview-page.
   
  
_Generated by EDoc, Oct 22 2010, 18:31:53._